[Music]
(Dr. Benji Dhillon) Hi, I'm Doctor Benji Dhillon,
and I'm here in Newport Beach
at the Evolus headquarters
for the first ever Icon Experience.
And I'm really excited to share a room
with like minded people.
[Music]
(David Moatazedi, Evolus CEO)
Our purpose is very simple.
We want that beauty experience
to be an incredible one for the consumer.
(Event attendee) to be able to speak with other
providers and just gain some experience.
to keep up and education is really
to keep up with modern technology.
(Kristen Dee, RN) I am obsessed
with continuing education.
It's so important
and Evolus has done a next level
representation of what that means.
(Ana Trevathan, APRN) The best part is
learning from some of the world leaders.
(Rui Avelar, MD) Compared to Botox
we saw a statistical difference
of superiority
against that Day 3 with the onset.
(Kourtney Cavallio, Evolus) We hope our customers
leave here from this event with some really great
tips and tricks that they can use in their own
practices when they get back, and also leave with
some really friendships and relationships
from injectors across the country.
[Dramatic music]